1. What would the world be without Facebook? Describe the world when the technology of social network has been out-of-fashion.

Most of us agree that the need of people for the close social connection is so strong that the idea of social networking service won’t be outdated. Facebook or that kind of software might be replaced, but the new one will certainly come out and still provide people with a strong social connection with each other.

Facebook helps people keep contact more easily; however, people become lazy to have a real contact and just sit in front of the screen viewing the timeline and the latest news. It is the same problem the Internet has created. Technology do help people’s life, but it has both good side and bad side, depending on how people use it.

In the past, the connection between people from afar is through letters. And then people create phone calls, telegraphs and text messages. After the Internet become so popular, emails and blogs are new ways to send messages and share the thoughts with others. Facebook combines these two parts, creating a big pool of text messages and photos where people share their thoughts and reflections in their daily life. But how about the future? Maybe in the upcoming future, we can share the smells, scents and tastes with each other, in the same way as we share the audio and visual data today. Or even we can share the five senses, feel what other people feel, maybe like metapsychosis. That’s a cool idea.


2. Imagine what the world would be with/without more technology progress.

Our discussion is more philosophical in this topic.

One think that technology progress is not a necessity. Technology progress do create a better way to live, but it also cause even more problems in the world, and the bad sides will feedback and turn into a vicious cycle. For example, we create A to have a better world, but A cause some problems so we create B to solve those problems. And then we create C to solve the problems caused by B, and so on and on. That’s an extreme case though, the main point is that industrial development and technology progress have already cause problems. Also, he mentioned that a conventional way of life is okay for him. Maybe it is a nostalgia for the good old days.

Another person shares a movie about virtual reality. The technology has had great progress and people can go to a virtual world through a machine. The virtual world is so good that nobody need to eat to get energy. Everyone is free of suffer caused by the human body. Finally, some people think that the new world is the wonderful world to live and don’t want to go back to their old life. However, others think that the virtual world is not a real world, only the normal life is the true life worth spending the rest of their life.

Transportation system would become faster and more convenient. There must have a whole new way for transport rather than airplanes, cars or ships.

Robots would have a great strides. And robots can help people a lot on the routine works, and then people can live a happier life without tedious tasks. However, the paradox is that people would lose their jobs and get no money since their position has been replaced by the robots. It is a hard question if the system do not have a fundamental change. For example, the food supply in the world has already surpass the need of the human race. However, there still has many people live in starvation. The right to buy food is just like the right to earn money even though we don’t need people to do more work. How people can have right to live a better life is still a question. And I think this is about the system or the rule that people live in the society and it is a hard philosophical question.

Also, one mentioned that the data collection everywhere is intimidating since bad people or government can control all people’s life. The monitors and sensors is all over, and the technology can easily help us with the information calculation but can also easily track everyone’s behavior and what he or she have done, like being supervised by someone. The privacy issue is important in this case. And the IoT is indeed one way to collect so many data all around.

We have a clash in whether the robots will surpass the wisdom of human. Artificial intelligence has long been a great issue in the Hollywood movies. We all think that machines can only feedback what we have already typed or programmed and the creation would never surpass the wisdom of its creator. But, what if the statement is not correct? If one day the machine could have its own mind and it could create idea itself instead of only responding to the inputs or stimulations. The machine could create things from nothing. What should we do? Should we embrace and admire its intelligence or should we fight for it and prevent this from happening? This is like a sci-fi movie. But it is a good question. And how about the clone people? Should we embrace their humanity or should we simply ignore the question? There are many debatable issues about the genetic engineering as the technology progress. It’s a hard question, but it’s a question we should face.
